.TH XScreenSaver 1 "" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
commander - draws spaceships from the computer game "Elite"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B commander
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[\-speed \fIfloat\fP]
[\-duration \fIseconds\fP]
[\-wireframe]
[\-which \fIname\fP]
[\-fps]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program renders the classic spaceships from the 1980's computer
game "Elite". A new ship is chosen every so often.

There are 28 ships (and other objects) included.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 20000 (0.02 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-speed \fInumber\fP
Larger numbers mean run faster.  Default: 1.0.
.TP 8
.B \-duration \fIseconds\fP
How long before switching to a new spaceship.  Default 60 seconds.
.TP 8
.B \-which \fIobject-name\fP
Display only one particular ship, identified by name:
  adder, anaconda, asp, asteroid, barrel, boa, boulder,
  capsule, cobra, cobramk1, constrictor, coriolis, cougar,
  dodo, ferdelance, gecko, krait, mamba, missile, moray,
  python, sidewinder, shuttle, tharglet, thargoid,
  transporter, viper, worm
.TP 8
.B \-wireframe | \-no-wireframe
Render in wireframe instead of solid.
.TP 8
.B \-fps
Display the current frame rate, CPU load, and polygon count.
.SH KEY BINDINGS
When running in a window, you can rotate the object with the mouse.
Also, the following keystrokes are defined:
.TP 12
.B ESC \fIor\fP ^C
Quit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 Dave Holland.

Copyright \(co 2004 Jamie Zawinski.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Based on the "polyhedra" screensaver by Jamie Zawinski.
